JP-2812 : Allow user-provided custom image catalogs for tweakreg (#7022)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

1.7.2 (unreleased)
==================

tweakreg
--------

> - Added support for user-provided catalog files. [#7022]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a user-provided catalog file for each input image. [#7022]
```
